dear mr. gable,
i am writing this to you
and i hope that you will read it so you'll know
my heart beats like a hammer
and i stutter and i stammer
every time i see you at the picture show.
i guess i'm just another fan of yours
and i thought i'd write and tell you so.

you made me love you
i didn't wanna do it, i didn't wanna do it.
you made me love you
and all the time you knew it, i guess you always knew it.
you made me happy, sometimes you made me glad.
but there were times, sir, you made me feel so sad.
you made me sigh 'cause
i didn't wanna tell you, i didn't wanna tell you
i think you're grand, that's true
yes i do, 'deed i do, you know i do.
i must tell you what i'm feeling
the very mention of your name
sends my heart reeling.
you know you made me love you!

aw, gee, mr. gable, i don't wanna bother you! guess you got a lotta girls that tell you the same thing. and if you don't wanna read this, well, you don't have to. but i just had to tell you about the time i saw you in "it happened one night". that was the first time i ever saw you, and i knew right then you were the nicest fella in the movies! i guess it was 'cause you acted so, well so natural like - not like a real actor at all, but just like any fella you'd meet at school or at a party. then one time i saw you in a picture with joan crawford, and i had to cry a little 'cause you loved her so much and you couldn't have her - not 'till the end of the picture, anyway. and then one time i saw you in person. you were making a personal appearance at the theatre, and i was standing there when you got out of your car, and you almost knocked me down! oh - but it wasn't your fault! naw, i was in the way. but you looked at me, and you smiled. yeah! you smiled right at me as if you meant it, and i cried all the way home me just 'cause you smiled at me for being in your way! aw, i'll never forget it, mr. gable. honest. you're my favorite actor!

i don't care what happens, let the whole world stop.
as far as i'm concerned, you'll always be the top,
'cause you know you made me love you.