when duty call, the leader pep come hard
try to dis my girl salt, up goes my guard
still feminine, feminine still, yes
but then next pump a hundred weight bench press
so what it mean, pep?  i'm not impressed
cuz i wear the pants, and you wear the dress
punk, you're lovin' stunk, you're not a hunk
this is independent funk

and i'm gettin' ready for the year 2000
independent - yes, i'm housin'
independent - yeah, now watch me
independent - no one can stop me

woman and i am independent
i make my own money so don't tell me how to spend it
cuz you need me, and i don't need you
so listen close, boy, to my independent funk
yeah, can you feel it?
yes, it's my, it's my independent funk

(yawn) you're sleepy, go to bed
wanna step?  go ahead and jet
now wake up from your dreamin' cuz you're dealin' with the pep
like oakley from the knicks, yes, i'm havin' a ball
you think because you're leaving that i'm gonna take a fall?
it was small thing, oooo, it was really too small
livin' large, boy, standing ten feet tall
now my heart won't dent, keep the money i lent
and don't forget i pay the rent, this is my apartment
i'm independent

i am independent
that's right i said it, and be damn sure i meant it
cuz a girl like me can have anybody
so give my love, boy, to my independent funk
hey...

salty the v.i.p., you should have stuck with me
what are you stupid?  huh, my pockets run deep
so flex the rolex and the sex that i gave ya
in jail with no bail and now nothin' can save ya
you want me to visit?  i ain't with it lizard
we had magic now ya lost without the love wizard
ya had to cross me, and now you lost me
get off me softy, i'm the boss, see?
you can't disguise the lies in your eyes - you're not a heartbreaker
you're a fraud, and i'm bored - you're a fake faker
it's too late to debate with the moneymaker
after while, crackhead - see ya later, gator

woman and i am independent
i make my own money so don't tell me how to spend it
cuz you need me, and i don't need you
so listen close, boy, to my independent funk
yeah, so funky, so funky

no, no, no more nookie for you cuz i gave ya the boot
go ahead and go in your yugo, gonna miss the benz coupe, hometroop
who's supportin' ya now?
got a job or do ya rob?  i heard you're sellin' drugs - wow
big man, huh?  but just understand uncle sam know the scam
you'll end up in the can
singin' a sad song cuz you did me wrong
couldn't fool me for long, i got it goin' on
i'm independent

yes, i am independent
that's right i said it, and be damn sure i meant it
cuz a girl like me can have anybody
so give my love, boy, to my independent funk
hey yeah...my independent funk
it's just an independent funk
get with this independent funk

you're a baby so maybe you just needed a babysitter
bitter?  i figure i'm rid of a piece of litter
tiger, tigger, i bounce back, and you're a quitter
your girl is gone for good so just forget her
you're blind, you'll never find another better
your mind stays on a behind in a tight sweater
burned your flowers and your love letters
never a tear will i shed
i'm independent

yes, i am independent
i make my own money so don't tell me how to spend it
cuz you need me, and i don't need you
so listen close, boy, to my independent funk
yeah...