sometimes i try to do things,
and it just doesn't work out the way i want it to,
and i get real frustrated.
and like, i try hard to do it,
and i like, take my time, but it just doesn't work out the way i want it to.
it's like, i concentrate on it real hard,
but it just doesn't work out.
and everything i do and everything i try,
it never turns out.
it's like, i need time to figure these things out,
but there's always someone there going:
"hey mike, you know, we've been noticing you've been having a lot of problems lately, you know,
and you should maybe get away,
and like, maybe you should talk about it, you'll feel a lot better."
and i go: "no, it's okay, you know,
i'll figure it out,
just leave me alone, i'll figure it out, you know,
i'll just work it out myself."
and they go: "well,
you know, if you wanna talk about it, i'll be here, you know,
and you'll probably feel a lot better if you talk about it,
so why don't you talk about it?"
i go: "no, i don't want to, i'm okay!
i'll figure it out myself!"
and they just keep bugging me!
they just keep bugging me, and it builds up inside!

so you're gonna be institutionalized
you'll come out brainwashed with bloodshot eyes
you won't have any say
they'll brainwash you 'till you see their way
i'm not crazy (institution!)
you're the one that's crazy (institution!)
you're driving me crazy (institution!)
they stick me in an institution
said it was the only solution
to give me needed professional help
to protect me from the enemy, myself

i was in my room,
and i was just, like, staring at the walls, thinking about everything,
but then again i was thinking about nothing.
and then my mom came in
and i didn't even notice she was there
and she called my name and i didn't hear her and then she started screaming:
"mike! mike!"
and i go: "what? what's the matter?"
she goes: "what's the matter with you?"
i go: "there's nothing wrong, mom"
she goes: "don't tell me that! you're on drugs!"
i go: "no mom, i'm not on drugs, i'm okay, i'm just thinking, you know,
why don't you get me a pepsi?"
she goes: "no! you're on drugs!"
i go: "mom, i'm okay, i'm just thinking"
and she goes: "no!
you're not thinking, you're on drugs!
normal people don't act that way!"
i go: "mom, just get me a pepsi, please, all i want is a pepsi"
and she wouldn't give it to me!
all i wanted was a pepsi!
just one pepsi!
and she wouldn't give it to me!
just a pepsi!

they give you a white shirt with long sleeves
tied around you're back, you're treated like thieves
drug you up because they're lazy
it's too much work to help a crazy
i'm not crazy (institution!)
you're the one that's crazy (institution!)
you're driving me crazy (institution!)
they stick me in an institution
said it was the only solution
to give me the needed professional help
to protect me from the enemy, myself

i was sitting in my room,
and my mom and my dad came in,
and they pulled up a chair and they sat down,
they go: "mike, we need to talk to you."
and i go: "okay, what's the matter?"
they go:
"me and your mom, we've been noticing lately you've been having a lot of problems, and you've been going off for no reason,
and we're afraid you're gonna hurt somebody,
and we're afraid you're gonna hurt yourself,
so we decided that it would be in your best interest
if we put you somewhere where you could get the help that you need."
and i go:
"wait! what are you talking about?!
we decided?!
my best interest?!
how do you know what my best interest is?!
how can you say what my best interest is?!
what are you trying to say? i'm crazy?!
when i went to your schools,
i went to your churches,
i went to your institutional learning facilities?!
so how can you say i'm crazy?"

they say they're gonna fix my brain
alleviate my suffering and my pain
but by the time they fix my head
mentally i'll be dead
i'm not crazy (institution!)
you're the one that's crazy (institution!)
you're driving me crazy (institution!)
they stick me in an institution
said it was the only solution
to give me the needed professional help
to protect me from the enemy, myself

...doesn't matter, i'll probably get hit by a car anyway.